TO-DO LIST


-----------------------
NOT DONE or NOT CHECKED
-----------------------

STRUCTURE
---------

Why have I had to add initialising code for any increased part of a
structure, at about lines 482 onwards in STORPAR.for, when I already
have initialising code for the whole of the structure, in ALLOC1.for?

Allow for shear displacement in stiffness matrix .

SAVE-AS creates a new input file but not a corresponding new .RTF file.


DRAWING
-------
Uni-directional pin is being drawn as a doughnut without a slider.
Uni-directional support is being drawn as a pin without a slider.

Must finally fix the .RTF diagram vector directions to enable other
wordprocessors, as well as M$Word, to display the diagram correctly.


LOADS
-----
Code needed to recognise eg 15i, 15m, 15j as member point load
positions at one end or the centre of a member.

Bailout option to continue must not continue the analysis
if the Bailout was caused by a serious data error.

After editing load combinations, the analyse menu-selection
becomes ghosted.

COMBINATIONS
------------
Adding a new combination seems to add two of them, not one.

After runnning an analysis, Selecting STRUCTURE>Member properties then
CANCEL, or STRUCTURE>OtherStuff then CANCEL, triggers a SWGATT
"Not allowed ID" error.  This does not happen before analysing.

Either adding or reading combinations causes a crash (I forget which).

------------------------------------------------------------------------

----
DONE
----

After editing titles then selecting edit-nodes, CANCELLing edit-nodes
triggers an SWGATT 'not-allowed widget ID' error.  Going into edit-nodes
as a first action seems not to cause this error.

After a completed analysis, editing node coords then selecting CANCEL
loses all the restraints.  Selecting SAVE preserves them.

Editing restraints in an existing model is causing restraints
to be miscounted.  The program is entering RCODE at STRUCT.for line 41,
with correct data stored unencoded in KFIXD, and yet RCODE is then
mis-counting (iei counting short) the no. of restraints.

After running an analysis, entering Structure>Nodes, Structure>Member
connections, etc triggers an SWGATT error, 'not-allowed widget ID'.

Reading EOF causes a crash.
Reading EOF causes a crash.

SAVE-AS after running an analysis had a miniscule font.
Thought to have been corrected.

MEMB(iMemb)%StiffsStored = .FALSE. is now set whenever
changing a member.

MEMB(iMembs)%StiffsStored = .FALSE. is now set for all members
framing in to a node whenever changing that node.

SAVEing an incomplete structure was saving it with some text
strings uninitialised, and this was preventing re-reading.

After increasing an already-entered structure size (more members),
clicking 'Accept' crashed the program.

Combs 1 and 2 giving same results.

Surplus (empty) load combinations are being listed.

Reading more than the first few (TWO ?) load combinations from a file
throws a "more combs than the specified limit" error.

Reading more than the first few load combinations from a file
throws a "more combs than the specified limit" error.

SAVing a structure might be writing garbage at the end of combinations.

Selecting menu Loading > Loadcases causes a crash
with error: SWGATT >>>>> Not allowed Widget ID
Button to add more blank lines to loads table causes a crash.

Part-way through moving all HELP menus to HELP.for .
Selecting NODES data-entry triggers "Not allowed parent ID" error.

Debugger crashes to SIGSEGV error on a filename dialog request
(only in 64-bit version).

In LOADS, 'Help' pulls up the "Use the FILE menu.." help message
instead of the Loading help message.
LOAD input has the 'open file' HELP display.

When load type is "u" instead of "U", this is being correctly displayed
as load type "U"DL but the analysis results are completely wrong.

Entering load type 'S' in the on-screen table gives an unrecognised
load type (reading from a file is OK though).

LoadTypS line 101 error in msg display when deflection added to
an unsupported node

The member connections table is listed wrongly
(member type and 'J'-end missing).
See LIST.for around lines 342-358.

When creating a new structure and when the restraints have
been entered in the Nodes table, restraints are being counted short.

After completing an analysis, the restraints are lost.

Code corrected for member-end releases.

Member-end releases are being shown a little too far along the members.

SAVE-STRUCTURE was crashing at RWInput line 437 when member-end pins
have been added.  Problem is possibly with the parameter, R$, that is
being passed to aIF().  No - aIF needed a dimensioned declaration.

Editing the structure size, adding a member, then, after
'MEMBER CONNECTIONS incomplete, Continue?', clicking Y triggers a
succession of errors in GWGTBS, GWGTBF and GWGTBI, >>> all declaring,
"Widget is not a Table Widget!".

Reading EOF causes a crash.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

